okay so today I'm doing an unboxing of
the Samsung p1 950 LCD monitor this is a
19 inch monitor which is obviously
running resolution of 1440 by 900 it has
a 50,000 to 1 contrast ratio that's
pretty nice 2 milliseconds response time
DVI digital and a bunch of other
features as well so basically this is
going to be used for monitoring the
Xserve it's gonna be mounted next to my
other screens and that's just going to
run the X so basically so yeah let's get
to the unboxing
okay so this is the monitor here I'll
just take it out this is what it looks
like here pretty nice as you can see it
has sort of a sort of a red look to it
this is certified for Windows 7
there's touchscreen buttons as you can
see touch but you just got the Samsung
logo in bed with Windows 7 logo and
that's sort of a red look down here I
don't know I don't know if you can pick
that up that's pretty cool so this is
what the back looks like here really
nice glossy black as you can see you get
one VGA and one DVI port now obviously
about me wall mounting this and yeah I
hope you enjoyed the quick unboxing
video and stay tuned for more and
actually what's in the box is it's just
the stand left the standard some
instructions so the way it came with
them by cables and instructions and that
which is pretty cool kinds are pretty
much everything that you need and you
get this cool Samsung tape so it's gonna
be going on the wall just there
the picture quality is actually
surprisingly good
time off you can say that but that's
crazy
it probably isn't picking up as good as
in real life but
yeah it is really crazy really good
picture quality and you can see
Louisville
that's a touch button there when you
touch it
you turn it off which is pretty cool so
yeah I hope you enjoyed the unboxing and
subscribe for more